I worked there 35 years.The most beautiful, healthy serious and sweet company in the world.The precautionary withdrawal is a sign of responsibility.All the other products are fine.I would like to go back .. a big family.I swear.
We grew up with Ferrero products and surely this occasional inconvenience, albeit serious, will not affect our estimate towards your company.
I have my sister who works in Arlon in Belgium in Ferrero, it is very well!A serious company, a great gesture of responsibility.Bravi !!!However I will continue to eat Ferrero
Always the best !!
what are you saying?They have to withdraw after the children have taken Salmonella, it is no haughty gesture but reads ...
We are the numbers one
FERRERO I LOVE YOU
Salmonella is a serious illness that if taken it it takes hospitalization .. keep the places of production, before putting them on the market .. I have x the 134 children who are now suffering because of the Ferrero .. I only hope that the thing stopshere..
I'm sorry but this "advertisement" just under Easter period will be a not indifferent blow for Ferrerò this year.In my part, the Kinder eggs are still all on the shelves nobody trusts to buy them.
A gesture that evidenced the attention and great seriousness of this society: w la Ferrero!
As a quality auditor, the Ferrero company shows being very attentive to the consumer and is a great gesture of responsibility and to put consumer health first.I believe that what happened soon will end and nobody will ever stop buying your products precisely because they are sure.Good job everyone.
What a good, before you make them eat
But now of the end of this is from where it comes from water from cocoa? But do I have some doubts !!
I would also eat them with the risk of taking me salmonella
So other dates are sure?I ate them but with another expiration date (18.09.2022), produced in Austria to what I read.
With us in Switzerland they prohibit eating also surprised Kinder eggs, in fact they were all withdrawn from the shops, only that a week ago I ate 3
Serious company like few
This is hidden advertising
Traces of Salmonella have been found in some historic chocolate products in the Ferrero brand
I would trust those who, in the light of the sun, make a precautionary and voluntary withdrawal
Absolutely but would you trust the other products?I do not sincerely
yes, I don't think they are imprudent
"Seria" company
They are under penalty of or private
If you lower the prices of Easter eggs I also eat them with Salmonella !!!
Any ex -employees treated badly?
I will not buy them more I'm afraid I don't trust them
Disconcerting
Thanks Ferrero
Very good chocolate
Salmonella is also very good
Stefania Chiappa if you read the labels maybe you will not call more "chocolate" those eggs full of saturated fats, refined sugars, emulsifiers, additives, various and any
I just read the item and collected the products in Belgium.Here in Italy we can eat them quietly.
Stefania Chiappa, no, evidently did not read the article well, because it is written "Ferrero has also decided, with immediate effect, to extend the call to Italy to the Kinder surprise T6" chicks ", Kinder surprise Maxi 100g" Smurfs "and "Miraculous" - and Kinder Schoko -Bons produced in Arlon. "Therefore, there are products recalled in Italy.And not all the products of this line sold in Italy are safe.
Yes, by precaution they also collected them in Italy
So Stefania Chiappa cannot be "eating quietly" at all.And only below are there already two cases of parents who complain of their children's ailments after the latter have eaten the products in question ...
People as usual or all white or all black.
Kinder and Ferrero have made precise communication.
There are 3 products involved (all produced in the factory in Belgium now closed for precaution).Stop.
People who bring Easter eggs and other products back to Italy back, but are you well?
Do you think Kinder and Ferrero, incredible companies from every point of view, thus risk people's health to sell 4 more Easter eggs?
In the factory in Alba, in Italy, there are no cases ... So why am I hysterism?
But why don't you produce everything in Italy?What changes if you have 100 billion or 80 billion assets in the bank at least created work in Italy and you do not have these problems that make you lose credibility.By now I honestly I'm afraid to consume your products I hope it is the only one.Also because the major consumers are children.
Ferrero lawyer Elena Aiello I don't know if he learned but your dear Kinder eggs at Salmonella have unfortunately also arrived in Italy in Ravenna precisely and the egg was Italy so I continue to have confidence that I find the egg with the real surprise
I don't eat it certainly
And it's a shame because I know how serious Ferrero is as a company and I dry out to see the work of many honest people vanified only for ignorance!
Bought and then opened to eat it, but reading the lot was one of the contaminated
You're right, but unfortunately social or in any case digital information most of the time brings only useless alarmism most of the time.Many do not even read the article, but focus on the title
Only out of ignorance?I have 4 Kinder eggs at home.I had bought the eggs t6 chicks.Alba Italia is written on the back.I return to shop to my usual supermarket and find the eggs collected.I ask for explanations since the production had to be Italian and they replied that the Kinder produces the eggs in Belgium, only the packaging is Italian.I have not brought back the Easter eggs, the eggs yes but if I have to say that I have confidence, no, I have no confidence
But she must return the lot affected by the cases of Salmonella, or those produced in Belgium.Each supermarket has a list of products to be collected.Those reported returns them, end
But then because the Italian ones as she says Elena Aiello have also been reported, make peace with the brain if they were produced in Italy they should not be reported and instead the T6 chicks produced in Italy because so it is written it with the same well I know thatThe Ferrero who is not correct with the news not the people
Valentina is not that people do not understand it and the Ferrero who is not very serious my chicks T6 produced in Italy have made them return the same but you and the other Aiello pays you the Ferrero to make the lawyers
Elena Aiello you are the Ferrero lawyer by chance but if you have confidence so much in them, buy them all of you and do not break the boxes if one rightly decides not to buy them even if produced in Italy everyone is free to do what he wants to continue to buy themand don't break
Elena Aiello as you are one of the many lawyers of Ferrero tells her that in a large company these facts should not happen the patron of Ferrero and one of the richest men so from a large company I expect great hygiene great care what was missing if notA fact would happen so serious so among other things dear Lady La Salmonella had already been found in the plant in December had blocked for a period of time the production then resumed at a moment as she is a lawyer from Ferrero and does not even know these things theI repeat if she likes Ferrero so much and has so much confidence in them if you buy her is her family you buy all the uovi that we report back if she is so worried about the not indifferent accounts that now the Ferrero will have
Ferrero's lawyer, Madonna Santa but has free time to write certain boots.
She boycotti la Ferrero, knows to me what I care about her umpteenth demonstration of stupidity.
But why don't you produce everything in Italy?What changes if you have 100 billion or 80 billion assets in the bank at least created work in Italy and you do not have these problems that make you lose credibility.By now I honestly I'm afraid to consume your products I hope it is the only one.Also because the major consumers are children.
They had been produced in Italy it would already be known, as well as the lot, surname and address of who the culprit is.Maybe a random name that has nothing to do
I called Thursday with a recording made .... where my product was contaminated and expired in September.
They were surprised at the deadline.
But I had to call 2 times because the first time I was reassured that the product was good (those who said "" dangerous "" were until August 19)
The second time I recall and under mine "" insistence "I ask to say the number of the lot and the bar code.
Only in this way I learned.
They had to call me back but I'm still waiting
That a company like yours if you get away with a "it appears that it has been delivered" is absurd.
I repeat: an expedition to you entrusted to DHL and that I paid, it could be delivered on the 14th because it was already in Bologna, Massimo on the 15th, instead nobody explained to me why the package went even to Belgium and Germany, and then returnAgain in Bologna, with imaginative excuses of DHL who wrote in the tracking that the recipient had released the expedition and chosen a date, a false thing, which on 19 was delivered and was not delivered, and which was delivered only 20, withAll the discomfort suffered by the recipient and by me that I ordered his personalized gift.For this reason, for the lack of support and apologies, and at least reimbursement of shipping costs, given the bad service, it will be my concern to warn friends and relatives from the bad after-sales service of your e-commerce and, personally, I will continue toprefer other brands.Given what was paid, I expected better.Bad.
An Italian excellence relocated to other European countries to save money and this is the result
Let's throw everything ... so much I have already been paid.How to do with today's technology still making these mistakes
Force Ferrero we are with you !!
Ferrero Italia, wouldn't it be easier to publish the lots of the offending products since, from some packs, it is not possible to trace the production plant?You would avoid being submerged by phone calls and e-mails with requests for information.
Uffff just ferrero no ... I am dependent kinder like a drug ... and cmq with all the bars I eat if they were contaminated even those I would have already died
I have already taken your egg and I will take another one.A serious company like your sorry that should have economic damage.
I ate Kinder Easter egg and nothing happened to me the Kinder chocolate
I spend more money for the Kinder than anything else .... don't put me anxiety from Ferrero ... the best chocolate in the world!
It is right that the company apologizes to consumers .. I buy Ferrero because I trust but now I have some doubts
It had started only from chocolates every day honestly expands everything and I no longer buy anything ... Learn to produce in Italy not abroad to pay less taxes!
I apologize .... my little girl has eaten in recent days the "pulcini" surprise purchased here in Italy .... I don't have the cards anymore to see the lot ... but what I know is thatFrom Friday he has the dysentery .... how do I exclude that they were eggs of that factory and that his is only a gastrointestinal virus?
Your toll -free number does not respond.Since yesterday I have been calling and after a quarter of an hour good waiting I continue to hear the music ..
My 4 -year -old son has also eaten them the diarrhea nn stops more and also nausea
I am still waiting for their call.
I called the customer service on Thursday
The indications are written on the incorrect products .. Italian these are produced in Alba (CN) I checked them yesterday .. as far as I'm concerned I am quiet.
But you are ridiculous my mom if I heard badly I have stuff that nn and good they tell me that they have to withdraw and then disappear you I just have to report
My children ate the eggs with one of the lots reported and confirmed does you on the phone.
"Now let's contact a specialist"
4 days have passed by this specialist still nothing.Fortunately my children were well and under control of the pediatrician
I am convinced that they boycotted you .. I sold Ferrero products, never seen a serious company like yours
Ferrerò is one of the few sincere companies, they were all so. Bravi.
This time you died dear Kinder ... these things absolutely don't have to happen when ninety percent of consumers are children !!!
However, I wanted to inform you that I did not know of this decision and I bought a "sopresa maxi miraculous egg" just this morning, in one of the Coop 3.0 of my city .. I wonder how possible my purchase is if you have extended the call tooItaly for days .. maybe a check is necessary?!
In Belgium you make beers no chocolate !!
I hope dear Ferrere that you are transparent with your products Ferrerò, the health of the children goes through, they already want to distinguish us, if you are good all the rumors vanish and continue to buy products Ferrerò Happy Easter
Maybe after this fact, choose who to put in the direction of production control better!
And find out why this fact happened!
I don't think the Ferrero direction remained with his hands.
Quiet that will come to the head, in each department there is a control officer, only that it is not easy to detect salmonella by eye, to the touch and tasting, they will have to go upstream, check the supply of eggs, but it is oneserious company and I'm sure they will have already understood where the problem was
Anyway some credibility have lost just like brand for me
But what is the expiry date for?They are so good that they end up immediately!
I tried to call since I have some packages but nobody answers.So what do I do I have to throw them and lose the money too?
Strange not to Easter ones why?
How will you repay damaged consumers?What should who buy the products in question to see themselves refunded?Who will repay for the lost time to inquire, call the call center, start the procedure etc.?How will you refund who was bad?
Ferrero has always been an excellent company and has always focused a lot on the quality of the products cannot be demanded the inhuman and the list of claims is sometimes exhausting .... I understand that working on food is much more demanding than working onUnexplated subjects and it is not understood how difficult it is especially on lines in half the world ..... all ready to criticize but to understand that you should understand more things before jumping to do the victims or the accusers would be wiser ....I am your consumer I have confidence in you and I understand that if there are errors they all go through all the image of a company ... you have always been serious, attentive and trust that you also superior this problem ... I the eggKinder to make a child happy there is I have it and I continue not to always look for flaws but sweetness ... even in the words ... Happy Easter
Despite what happened in Belgium, it is a life that I buy Ferrero and Kinder products and I will continue to do it!
Don't even buy Easter eggs.Now they say that they are not involved because there is so much to sell, then in five days they will say that they are at risk too
I will not buy more kinder products I'm afraid
I'm sorry.You have all my solidarity.
Very kind, I was very disappointed by your after -sales service.Contacted to ask for information on the return of a product withdrawn from the sale (Kinder Pulcini x 6 buildings in Belgium) not only have I been badly treated on the phone but the procedure that asked me to follow is to go to the post office to return the productand stop.In addition to the damage, I must also go to the post office and then?Do you have anything else to make me do?Your eggs are already in the dustbin. I would think that from a company like yours I would have expected a different methodology of listening to the customer and a more streamlined procedure of product retreat.I believe that it will choose products from other brands from today.A very disappointed customer.
Very kind, I was very disappointed by your after -sales service.Contacted to ask for information on the return of a product withdrawn from the sale (Kinder Pulcini x 6 buildings in Belgium) not only have I been badly treated on the phone but the procedure that asked me to follow is to go to the post office to return the productand stop.In addition to the damage, I must also go to the post office and then?Do you have anything else to make me do?Your eggs are already in the dustbin. I would think that from a company like yours I would have expected a different methodology of listening to the customer and a more streamlined procedure of product retreat.I believe that it will choose products from other brands from today.A very disappointed customer.
They want to get the Kinder out
Ferrero number 1. People should inforce themselves well before shooting bullshit.Ferrero all my life, I trust blindly
I find it shameful that a company that hides behind Made in Italy produces in Belgium
Now?Cowards goes
I recommend continuing to delocalize ... Pezzenti not to pay taxes
You are an unparalleled attraction production
But what disaster have they combined?
Few cases throughout Europe, it is not even said that it depends on you, but some Facebook pages give the news in a way that should be reported, under Easter do not understand the damage they can make you?I buy your egg tomorrow!
Putting your face for a company is not easy.It is pure seriousness!
Congratulations Ferrero Italia
You are always the best
I want themoooo
Unsurpassed Ferrero !!
On the skin of children
Now to apologize we demand a conspicuous tribute of Kinder chocolate
Easter eggs are not risky because they are produced in Italy ...
But why then do not make everything in Italy Bah a great disappointment for a safe product to give to our children ..
I am really worried
I hope it is true I bought them and I went yesterday to the supermarket x to return them but they assured me that the Easter eggs are good are not at risk
But I'm not understanding what happened
Precise ... more than 1 hour waiting and in the end you didn't even answer me !!!
How do we return these products purchased .. I'm trying to call the number unnecessarily ...
When a company withdraws a product offending from the market, detailed interested lots and production plants, it is only an index of seriousness and transparency.
We should have motions jets if this were not done not on the contrary!
